why can't a robot work out how to tick a
box marked
i'm not a robot that is a that's a very
good
question also why can't it tell what a
traffic light looks like
i don't know i'm not a robot i don't
think i'm a robot
but i find friendly text messages
stressful yeah i've got a lot of the
signs of a robot so it doesn't make any
sense the elves quote a letter's page of
viz
uh surely robots can figure out how to
tick a box on a website saying i'm not a
robot
i've seen terminator 2 and that one
could fly a helicopter so
ticking the box is not the point it's
how you behaved before you ticked the
box that is analyzed
so to be honest i can't tell you all the
details because they keep it secret
because they don't want people trying to
cheat the test but broadly speaking you
tick the
box and it prompts the website to check
your browsing history
so let us say for example just before
you tick the box you watched a couple of
cat videos you
i don't know like to tweet about greta
thornburg you checked your gmail account
before you got down to work
all of that makes them think that you
must be
a human and checking the box can even
spur it to analyze the way in which you
moved your mouse
across the screen it's slightly spooky i
think
um essentially when you are clicking i
am not a robot you are instructing the
site to have a look at your data
and decide for itself if the machine is
not sure
that's when it directs you to click on
lightroom pieces of fire hydrants aren't
there and sort of secondary
so if that comes up it means that you're
browsing history it's slightly worrying
it looks
like it's been removed you're in a
russian warehouse yeah
you regularly clear your browsing
history or you browse in incognito mode
why would you do
[Music]
you